---
title: 'Game 1'
displayDate: '2021-02-04'
summary: 'Tic-Tac-Toe'
tags:
---

<small class="left">
{{ page.displayDate }}
</small>
<br><br>

## {{ page.title }}

{{ page.summary }}

---

For my first #1GAM entry, I made: _Tic-Tac_Toe_

<br>
This isn't super thrilling, but the non-visible work is what really excited
me. Originally this game was going to be multiplayer with the primary
objective of learning [Durable Objects](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/learning/using-durable-objects),
a.k.a. websockets, however life took a different turn... Jenna needed an
emergency surgery after an ER visit, so I played full-time care taker for
awhile and didn't get much done.

<br>
My primary objective with this game was to learn about typescript, redux, and 
[immutable.js](https://immutable-js.com/). This is all tech that I need for work
but don't have much or any experience with. I was also able to launch the portal 
using [Cloudflare Pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/), which I've done before,
but had a seamless experience again. LMK if you're interested in this!

<br>
As I work on new games, I hope to enhance my old entries. My goal is to make
all of my games support online multiplayer, but that may take a few iterations
before I can back-port the logic. With Cloudflare, it seems like (basic)
multiplayer games, think turn-based, are possible with minimal capital investment
so I plan to tinker with that a bit. Serverless websockets could really open
some interesting doors, if it works as I'm envisioning...!

<br>
Let me know if you play any of the games or have any issues. As always, feel
free to reach out to me on [Twitter]({{ site.twitter_profile }}) or via
[email](mailto:{{ site.email }}).

&minus; Zack
<br>
