---
title: 'Game 3'
displayDate: '2022-04-01'
summary: 'Lemonade Clicker'
tags:
---

<small class="left">
{{ page.displayDate }}
</small>
<br><br>

## {{ page.title }}

{{ page.summary }}

---

For my third #1GAM entry, I made: _Lemonade Clicker_

<br>
_Lemonade Clicker_ is a take on the classic _Lemonade Stand_ but as an idle clicker game. I wanted to play with the idea
of an idle game for awhile, and this seemed like a good way to dip my toes in. This felt like the first time where the
mechanics were simple and the content potential was endless; it really has unlimited potential for upgrades and 
resources!

<br>
Some interesting learnings I had during this games development were around redux. I played around with my store shape
a few times to make it easy to add content without updating the store definition. I settled on separating the logic into
3 props: Resource unlock state, upgrade activation state, and upgrade multiplier state. This allowed for me to separate 
my data from logic easily enough to make my upgrades like a json object. This game also differed from the previous 
entries since it was DOM based only - I didn't use the canvas for any rendering.

<br>
This entry was fun and I will for sure reuse this core for another upgraded version in the future, but I need to take a
break. This #1GAM has turned into more of a chore than a fun activity and I'm going to take a step back from it for 
awhile. I feel like I only work on these entries on the weekend, which still gives me limited time and no weekend. So
I'm going to delay next months and see how I feel after that.

<br>
Let me know if you play any of the games or have any issues. As always, feel
free to reach out to me on [Twitter]({{ site.twitter_profile }}) or via
[email](mailto:{{ site.email }}).

&minus; Zack
<br>
